= FbGraph::Mock

Facebook Graph API mocking helper, originally used in fb_graph gem.

This gem simply mock HTTP request & response using webmock gem, and returns pre-registered JSON response.

It means you can use fb_graph-mock gem even with kwala, rest-client, or any other code which access to Facebook Graph API.

== Installation

  gem install fb_graph-mock

== Examples

In spec_helper.rb

  require 'fb_graph/mock'
  include FbGraph::Mock
  WebMock.disable_net_connect! # Optional

In foo_spec.rb

  it do
    mock_graph :get, 'me', 'users/me_private', :access_token => 'access_token' do
      user = FbGraph::User.me('access_token').fetch
      user.website.should == 'http://matake.jp'
    end
  end

  it do
    mock_graph :get, 'me', 'users/me_public', :status => [401, 'Unauthorized'] do
      lambda do
        FbGraph::User.fetch :me
      end.should raise_error FbGraph::Unauthorized
    end
  end

=== More Examples?

You can see lots of samples in fb_graph's specs.
https://github.com/nov/fb_graph

== Registered Mocks and Your Custom Mocks

To improve fb_graph and other projects using this gem, keeping mock JSONs are important.

If you find any legacy response format in this gem's mock_json directory, please report an issue or send a pull request with new JSON file.

You can find all registered responses as below.

  FbGraph::Mock.registered_mocks

If it's hard to share your mock JSON (e.g. because of privacy issue), you can use your own response file as below.

  file_path = File.join(Rails.root, 'spec/my_own_mock_json/users/me_private.json')
  mock_graph :get, 'me', file_path do
    # Do something.
  end

If a file is found at the given file path, this gem uses the file.

Otherwise, this gem search a registered mock JSON file in its own registry.

  mock_graph :get, 'me', 'users/albums/arjun_public' do
    # => uses "mock_json/users/albums/arjun_public.json" in this gem.
    # Do something.
  end

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 nov matake. See LICENSE for details.
